What did they say?
They said...
I forced him to accept población bodies.
And I told him that possibly make sure no body was taken as their retinue.
It's always good to misin potential events
but...
this condiciones me for its mere call of duty.
aftermath
You're speaking with a huge voice.
Bring it on!
So noisy, I hate dressing!
You're just a weak man.
I don't care!
Your reward is pure luck,
but one cuckold in wind showed his opportunity...
Really simple words!
Do you understand?
Hey, hey!
What are you saying?
What's with the commotion?
Who are you?
I'm the son of this family.
Why don't you come in?
I want to, but my father won't let me.
He says I'm a bad person.
I'm a bad person, but I don't bother the neighbors.
If you don't give me food, I'll give you the main course.
Hey, hey!
Open the door!
Hey!
You bastard!
Did you hear that?
You're messing with me.
Open the door!
I'll beat you to death if you miss me.
I don't want the main course.
I'm here to take you to the police station.
I'm asking you to tell me the number.
What?
What are you doing?
I'm here to take you to the police station.
I'm here to...
Good evening.
Are you the one who's been calling me?
I'm sure it's you.
I thought you were sick.
You're sick.
You have to be careful.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Yes, I'll be back.
Sit down.
I heard what the police officer said.
I thought you were sick.
I heard it.
Don't say that.
I went out to meet Tanaka-san.
I came to visit him.
It was the time when I heard your story.
I thought it was too big.
My dream is going to come true.
I thought about what would happen.
It was a little serious.
I went to the police station.
I met four different men.
and grew a drop of aged fat,
I was wrong inIалаing it.